Do you think the hair is neat?
Just to get on that one
I'm neat. I'm neat.
This guy is stupid
Why would this uncle and the martial arts school send a fool here?
Does this fool have a grudge against him?
Why is that?
This is the owner Xiao who came to give us money.
Open Open
I press Li Hu
This kid can't last us
I told you I 200,000
If it's a kid who can last 3 minutes, I lose
You lost my gun
Take a look inside.
Look at half of me turned out to be a fool
Zhuo Fan
I want such a person to be my opponent
We also look down on me Lee too much
Behu
This is a master personally selected by the small owner
You have to be careful
Be careful of the white in the gutter
Hey, do you compare with your mouth than me?
You will only know who is better
Since you are so confident
Let him hide
Dongdong, as long as your people win, you bet one to ten
Dare to answer
Bet one to ten
What's there to be afraid of?
I took it. There's 50,000 for the whole family
Excuse me, this is my bus card.
Don't worry, big bad
Wait until I finish
What conditions do you say? I'll take it.
The conditions are simple
This is a deep thought
No matter the consequences
Why are you afraid?
Or you don't believe it either
That kid
Isn't it life and death?
Dude is indeed a desire official
It's life and death
God-sent tricks
In that case
I'll take the life of a fool
Don't talk too much
Who loses and who wins is not necessarily
I'll see.
So let me just say this.
Boiling Night Unlimited to Ultimate Fighting Series
Official start